I read a book, which is interesting.
It is the same as before.
Although the Daioh is a great country,
Chikuoki is not a fan.
What? It is not a fan.
I read a book, which is interesting.
I read another book, which is interesting.
It is one of the best books in elementary school.
About five people on earth are separated.
There are people from Asia, Europe, Africa,
Asanema, Sukhumi, and Duresuke.
Thieves are among the people of the Choueki.
They are engaged in the art and art society.
They are engaged in the art and art society, but they do not call it a Jyorokai.
They do Jyorokai, but they do not catch fish.
What? They do not catch fish.
The morning emotion rises and falls.
It is impossible.
I do not know which book is good or not.
Hello, hello.
It is interesting.
You are a patient.
You look like a sick man.
Are you a doctor here?
I'm a doctor here.
Oh, I see.
I see.
I'm a doctor here.
Doctor, what do you mean by doctor?
Do you have a problem with your husband?
I'm not talking about my husband.
I mean, do you have a problem with your husband?
He's in a boarding school.
I see.
Where is he?
He's in a boarding school.
What are you talking about?
He's in the back.
What's this?
He's a sick man.
He's writing a letter.
What's this?
Do you want to tell the soldiers that you're here?
What?
Do you think so?
These strange things never sleep for a moment.
It takes time before you say a word to the soldiers.
Do you see?
You see?
When they tell soldiers, they ask a lot of soldiers to come out.
They work alone.
It's not hard to beasil with soldiers now.
soldiers are carrying soldiers from below to above.
They ask for air and run.
Say it out loud.
I'm Nagai.
What are you doing?
You're funny.
You're the patient who came today.
You're a doctor.
I won't do anything strange.
You'll be treated for the procedure.
I'll be treated for the procedure.
And then I'll leave.
What?
I'll be treated for the procedure, and then I'll leave.
I won't forgive you.
Don't do anything strange.